c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quadractic Equation\Quadractic Equation\bin\Debug\Quadractic Equation.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quadractic Equation\Quadractic Equation\bin\Debug\Quadractic Equation.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quadractic Equation\Quadractic Equation\bin\Debug\Quadractic Equation.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quadractic Equation\Quadractic Equation\bin\Debug\Quadractic Equation.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quadractic Equation\Quadractic Equation\obj\Debug\Quadractic_Equation.Form1.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quadractic Equation\Quadractic Equation\obj\Debug\Quadractic_Equation.Form2.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quadractic Equation\Quadractic Equation\obj\Debug\Quadractic_Equation.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quadractic Equation\Quadractic Equation\obj\Debug\Quadractic Equation.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quadractic Equation\Quadractic Equation\obj\Debug\Quadractic Equation.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quadractic Equation\Quadractic Equation\obj\Debug\Quadractic Equation.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quadractic Equation\Quadractic Equation\obj\Debug\Quadractic Equation.pdb
C:\Users\USER\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Quadractic Equation\Quadractic Equation\obj\Debug\Quadractic Equation.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\USER\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Quadractic Equation\Quadractic Equation\bin\Debug\Quadractic Equation.exe.config
C:\Users\USER\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Quadractic Equation\Quadractic Equation\bin\Debug\Quadractic Equation.exe
C:\Users\USER\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Quadractic Equation\Quadractic Equation\bin\Debug\Quadractic Equation.pdb
C:\Users\USER\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Quadractic Equation\Quadractic Equation\bin\Debug\Quadractic Equation.xml
C:\Users\USER\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Quadractic Equation\Quadractic Equation\obj\Debug\Quadractic_Equation.Form1.resources
C:\Users\USER\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Quadractic Equation\Quadractic Equation\obj\Debug\Quadractic_Equation.Form2.resources
C:\Users\USER\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Quadractic Equation\Quadractic Equation\obj\Debug\Quadractic_Equation.Resources.resources
C:\Users\USER\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Quadractic Equation\Quadractic Equation\obj\Debug\Quadractic Equation.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\USER\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Quadractic Equation\Quadractic Equation\obj\Debug\Quadractic Equation.exe
C:\Users\USER\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Quadractic Equation\Quadractic Equation\obj\Debug\Quadractic Equation.xml
C:\Users\USER\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Quadractic Equation\Quadractic Equation\obj\Debug\Quadractic Equation.pdb
C:\Users\USER\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Quadractic Equation\Quadractic Equation\obj\Debug\Quadractic Equation.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
